Update links to JIRA tickets. (#4077)
input-output-hk/cardano-wallet: docs/site/src/design/concepts/eras.md

The mechanism whereby the Cardano Node operates in different modes - depending on which slot it is up to - is called the "Hard Fork Combinator".

> The following [seminars](https://cardanofoundation.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/EN/pages/718962750/IOHK+Research+Engineering+Seminar) (company internal use only) are a good introduction:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following [seminars](https://input-output.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/EN/pages/718962750/IOHK+Research+Engineering+Seminar) (company internal use only) are a good introduction:
```

This is a link to the IOHK confluence, not our JIRA.

Author: Fixed in: 417815e821c477d826352d8a1654fb50898d2a9d.
